[CUBRIDMAN-297] English version of PL intro and PL/CSQL chapter (#630)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/pl/plcsql_expr.rst

        | <expression> [ NOT ] IN ( <expression> [ , <expression>, ... ] )  # IN expression
        | <expression> [ NOT ] LIKE <expression> [ ESCAPE <expression> ]    # LIKE expression

    <literal> ::=
          DATE <quoted_string>
        | TIME <quoted_string>
        | DATETIME <quoted_string>
        | TIMESTAMP <quoted_string>
        | <numeric>
        | <quoted_string>
        | NULL
        | TRUE
        | FALSE

    <numeric> ::= UNSIGNED_INTEGER | FLOATING_POINT_NUM

    <cursor_attribute> ::= { %ISOPEN | %FOUND | %NOTFOUND | %ROWCOUNT }

    <binary_op> ::=
          AND | XOR | OR
        | = | <=> | != | <> | <= | >= | < | >
        | * | / | + | -
        | >> | << | & | ^ | '|'
        | ||

    <unary_op> ::= + | - | NOT | ~

    <case_expression> ::=
          CASE <expression> <case_expression_when_part>... [ ELSE <expression> ] END
        | CASE <case_expression_when_part>... [ ELSE <expression> ] END

    <case_expression_when_part> ::= WHEN <expression> THEN <expression>

Literals
=================
Literals include date/time, numeric, string, NULL, TRUE, and FALSE values.

> Except for the fact that bit strings and collections are not supported, literal-related rules are the same as described in :ref:`SQL Literals <sql_literal>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Except that bit strings and collections are not supported, literal-related rules are the same as described in :ref:`SQL Literals <sql_literal>`.
```

Identifiers
=================

> In PL/CSQL statements outside Static/Dynamic SQL, the following kinds of identifiers can be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In PL/CSQL statements other than Static/Dynamic SQL, the following kinds of identifiers can be used:
```

* Variables, constants, cursors, exceptions, and local procedures/functions declared in the declaration section
* Parameters of procedures/functions
* Implicitly declared iterators of :ref:`FOR loops <loop>` of type integer or record

Using an identifier without explicit or implicit declaration results in a compile-time error.

> Static SQL Result Size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Result count for Static SQL
```

Author: count 만 대문자로 바꿔서 반영하겠습니다.

=======================

> `SQL%ROWCOUNT` is an expression that represents the result size immediately after executing a Static SQL statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SQL%ROWCOUNT` is an expression that represents the result count immediately after executing a Static SQL statement.
```

+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
| =, <=>, <, >, <=, >=, <>, !=                                       | Comparison                          |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
| NOT                                                                | Logical NOT                         |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
| AND                                                                | Logical AND                         |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
| XOR                                                                | Logical XOR                         |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
| OR                                                                 | Logical OR                          |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> * Outside Static/Dynamic SQL, the `%` operator cannot be used for modulo. Use MOD instead.

Reviewer: "Outside Static/Dynamic SQL" 대신 "Non-Static/Dynamic SQL statements" 이라고 표현하는 것은 어떨까요 ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Non-Static/Dynamic SQL statements, the `%` operator cannot be used for modulo, so use MOD instead.
```

> * Outside Static/Dynamic SQL, logical operators `&&`, `||`, and `!` cannot be used. Use AND, OR, and NOT instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Non-static/dynamic SQL statements, logical operators `&&`, `||`, and `!` cannot be used, so use AND, OR, and NOT instead.
```

> * Outside Static/Dynamic SQL, string comparisons follow UTF8 encoding regardless of DB settings, using lexicographical order of Unicode values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Non-static/dynamic SQL statements, string comparisons follow UTF8 encoding regardless of DB settings, using lexicographical order of Unicode values.
```

Author: 생각해보니 Non-static/dynamic 이 맞는 것 같습니다.

>   Inside Static/Dynamic SQL, encoding and comparison rules follow the database and table settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In Static/Dynamic SQL statements, encoding and comparison rules follow the database and table settings.
```

        WHERE athlete = p_name;
    BEGIN
        FOR r IN my_cursor LOOP     -- r: implicitly declared
            DBMS_OUTPUT.put_line('host_year: ' || r.host_year || ' score: ' || r.score);    -- r.<column-name>
        END LOOP;
    END;

Function Call
=============

In a function call expression, the number and types of arguments must match the function's declaration.
Arguments passed to OUT parameters of the function must be assignable variables or other OUT parameters, as their values will be changed by the function call.

.. code-block:: sql

    CREATE OR REPLACE FUNCTION callee(o OUT INT) RETURN INT
    AS
    BEGIN
        ...
    END;

    CREATE OR REPLACE PROCEDURE caller(i INT, o OUT INT)
    AS
        v INT;
        c CONSTANT INT := 0;
    BEGIN
        ... callee(i) ...   -- Error: IN argument
        ... callee(o) ...   -- OK: OUT argument
        ... callee(v) ...   -- OK: variable
        ... callee(c) ...   -- Error: constant
    END;

Callable functions may be stored functions, local functions, or built-in functions.
Among these, built-in functions refer to the CUBRID built-in functions listed in :ref:`Operators and Functions <operators-and-functions>`.

> However, the built-in function :ref:`IF <func_if>` cannot be used because it conflicts with PL/CSQL syntax .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, the built-in function :ref:`IF <func_if>` cannot be used because it conflicts with PL/CSQL syntax.
```
